1)

Launch the installation of siege with hombrew
Ask to get an explanation of how select is working
Ask if they use only one select and how they've managed the server accept and the client read/write
The select should be in the main loop and should check fd for read and write AT THE SAME TIME, if not please give a 0 and stop the evaluation.
There should be only one read or one write per client per select. Ask to show you the code that goes from the select to the read and write of a client.
Search for all read/recv/write/send on a socket and check that if an error returned the client is removed.
Search for all read/recv/write/send and check if the returned value is well checked. (checking only -1 or 0 is not good. You should check both)
If a check of errno is done after read/recv/write/send, please stop the evaluation and put a mark to 0.
Writing or reading ANY file descriptor without going through the select is strictly FORBIDDEN

2) 

In the configuration file check if you can do the following and test the result
setup multiple servers with different port
setup multiple servers with different host name (use somthing like: curl --resolve exemple.com:80:127.0.0.1 http://example.com/)
setup default error page (try to change the error 404)
limit the client body (use curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: plain/test" --data "BODY IS HERE write something shorter or longer than body limit")
setup routes in a server to different directories
setup a default file to search for if you ask for a directory
setup a list of method accepted for a certain route (ex: setup only HEAD on a route and use curl with and without option -X HEAD)
Open the RFC 7231 and check the list of header of the subject, ask questions about it.
Use a browser, open the network part of it and try to connect to the server with it.
Look at the request header and response header.
Try wrong URL on the server.
In the configuration file, setup multiple port and use different website, use a browser to check that the configuration is working as expected and show the right website.
In the configuration try to setup the same port multiple times. It should not work.
Launch multiple server at the same time with different configuration but with common ports. Is it working ? If it is working ask why the server should work if one of the configuration isn't working, keep going.
Use Siege to run some stress test
Check if there is no memory leak
Check if there is no hanging connection
You should be able to use siege indefinitly without restarting the server (look at siege -b)
Availability should be above 99.5% for a simple get on an empty page with a siege -b on that page.